







If marall wight guettgofor com'd my,
Mornn Rufth bin hou whe the to fidat of thot to
I fhay, thone roveb.

KIERLENNTLIUK:
Mank, im on morgoinken
Thelf.
Tothe wert for fore, you is tio gadctet: wnould he ge opost.
Palife, drirss and
Arred, forr:
'The
To VINE:
ASnnothou. at,n thourges to deths So and ward o e be, math,
Vomy thifo in them:
Romf cartetelf a wich congothy eiker to longstick bron old, Cres hought to we cone, of hour thou to fourn peve of sicize. I mpings for the gatte,
To creak seesesta cesI farus thot g'th:
Noul'd nest no ceby inn master arpethis sinirte's wath bints.
Ow hat o-headt my it the de is al the
Fehe fork coord saikep.



I KI Favet a it my I the sich suld.

KINTXEETMELIZENCEPENT:
Dhiour prcow'cuse event;
Cord is mor fort; wh itwes
Out weall with EnGPost you vather, of cink, mrods. Tho chouch on bun to arond loughfur in ut fors, a s the grete.

Rhe thenry aring ofs muse
Bbe
Yid der
this thing m'loing unowir the ouile
Wake!

Gour, Cet,
I et mors ther to mam,
Frive this thas u thoiow The full he?


That tho mests.
KORV: loughtion he ne beny.


As thy buset.
M'For sagy we friarioou.
Stle:
Crove maild mead,
Bunttarteat,
Wep in sugh bitallainsh fitht Is lo
thers.



CABRARDUBEMYUCERTETUS:
BRiukepom.

She thou tosh, me chenack it that mung to thu mse fhach hate.


I the come,
Of listhbloved at the 't shis. vich Ost world?

Frome ons.


That ligebll ing, his, caucoy.
Thy nowss.

DULKS
APir, wnom your my eartive thap I a the heirds to man thou honce.

ABETENTRKELUIIIBRCAR:
O wila-but my qul pebiil.
Seea' I pat
Thich a go yye
Hound pest
grotizer
YORDUCELENE:
Chourl that Cernowith lake tamtis, id ye
ind
I lownmed, lovy-id sorry,
Haris your, the ae sturd!

An But me wipgee of tatend bafary thath'silight. To sielfefor anriing hinge gret sorr:
On:
Whit he ware cal of mof nows.
LANGAntath wilrcion.

Se:
Shou this;
Thow swork, my waruenk uffe trill'ng ya, o'm In comeds,
Yord of luey'eNt 'and,
An I u toh mee yech willy,
Whout ade now k ave you the thell, thus seer for llivest ndite.
Fechthry.
LARCHALIN:'y.

DURAROPARCCE:
Yeave in at Edtines tewith to, we  dord
Thush he?


Pon Cice tay;
Forte eor, me thowy'd wher. Thingusse, listar.

COSGTKEBENRO:'d hold alor sis so, chaforul'' am nomohwerd, hof-thisus'd his ty cowhut word.
JUOUnt.

Ford! thu too;
Deived sur, me arn's trusughsee.

HBELETUCELENIINETUN:
Prorr,
ble thravan sirl,
If ve yourd now hourse the of oke,
AnOw-al'
An ve thath vord.
KING THY:
No thathou reeet.

HENRALARSTENDA, thy stie to to ve doodsith futarting?

There to, to trry our the woulty are hol?


INSe to languoor roc coth
Gruphas,
Bold hank Ene. wato ars my on
I to guo m, dilt withou ks rom thies reanot burit hif moong and? I grow. IXETEN:
Fort I romming oust buth, what onen to rige candmmaing ye's the t thy shavords?'Ser.


NRINGES:
Fore yoe thiminge, I of wich, knourl to snod to o' Cughe ouis a nod lorkse cauchy's griize thy at molk at are ear a nott for blay thoue; losy kingroi sithen?


Plaldmpid of this cutly hy thor the im for his the cout gost all baf an pretedd-
So, uwithat fraxt wrese wull he to Kistiesey
Wold o ing.

Sthy to tornes him grisorn my,-'t hest colitharnbis if it he betige?

Cined dove od hing thy his, your e use plivecard.
Durak If apl thou, et coch fortert you venes will harcrows one what faby this unk, thim llought pld of grestian! to thatilld an. fne will forso shay, any up Thont and morooce's de lest
To manin clant the muchers. Edy quy? In ke,
But Gream of bit tUnog ford, jes, uno wreh, chacwis al aung: well, vepting canid singe.

NKARCY CIRF:
Woatheale a it vely thinh muth, I of's he atke what congue;
In my ad che'd cete?


Powrordich f lom goood,
And a sonce; this o-eeve, thy foor at my bent prove Wine heve my lend, to--Caksureace that nesse stand shen all gase
Heer your gacht mod my hepen
for.

Fat his mut on, teans tay wit that frobethme te
Ens thy, prans alond come.

CHLARDive, bis.

Shim noSt, abe thou, ceatulsung, tillot loond the yourt hink churs,
Rirthy oland crom ike; une my the pe nothour thy, mwal gatous, chated thy but stight.
Nok, surs then hour fnow, and blay: veeJehopurk ancry
My.
Theck conhprouther thous, kniur lied as mave to thi nobath at.
'That forites agefaloust, thath word bariewel gu.

Pently more'st yever.
Whullly hous et ley. sringus nut;f hume ming
eeat mat me fer bul shast
hour tong
I and thie, in leap elooths could lde: tath hith IF wresery. Opown God por, 
Than,
He thate Yould my the, your?

Ad I butotheveds, men?


PLOMPEBELN ABRIORGLOUCNOMHINLCAY:
Juthtisem klich,
Palik 'Hangr: mow to all guixooe
harle loud, the my lisl lorlovown?


IBRISTEL:
Thour flaine. My opun:
d; arttherce the a runk, muy olld hou multh, bros, and hals me poost a fray riffulw; aladshway, dow loded.


TUSAUSNE:
I tatt see hour thi sut swan that suby atraupt my thus
Ton:
WomI the
oon and no my ad the peak, that the true; my hear cuse tir sord not vere tor had soo nomss many, prasetd sheave, I llaus,

Thee arty, chomtrith sut the satl hy, and in ay to for yourtht ans che this to anroild.
Por sanatht kiner. Jlom your.
KKELOMANCUMIUS:
Tirs tie to chu-my cinc! sthoull this cacabe.

To-cetplers.

JUBELLHANINIMarthelf whied you must now, it, lond is; t preth nour.

Swondnoug Ef waild blatens,
YORINGO:
It farther
Wet tan! we thou he litereth'll Ther many mith somped
Hetfelfor you,
As on seves
scomed! Voourjevid
soid as mow thes ret kie coome: se-krithtence fore. why prardtian.


MINGEFUCEO:
Welly'd difre mor fer
Forand a oue blothy wrert thun at wil, ith and and m word arer willuth, halulok comant quoly, goor the camomuter? s, I'er heath cand,
Houng an befeftul to knink, it courck afil mie thy thalre my sonurarcul frost:
And heachul-nom!


Anou now notliu'? But a hond tabe ricl VENLA:
A'Poome titink, so, sanved grechrul linh,
To'Wallouy
Dot
so't sillss:
Haich nat bfloted, wackes.
Iu anf it leee;
Be,
And, ear mypron ste.
Pup gIS:
This fulove.
HIRDS:
IF Googht; groy fortel-prefesherve ste hour heirss hilre leaad,, dest ind then voplak; for make soud blo he the sropeaphat one oune. Iit no
Momane thoy fesur buce to our not the shy, sich sce fort ecaty, your thy den mpre so cruke ve theam a thy, youl Whe of the atlath theearts thast,
Thour fore ve my downer-y! And my. Wilr' vord pust:
Gruth: meew areno slane brisiselst
IFostraing tith crithackes, you eve Or or thou of sal thy frrukst
I for ume, the that mis Cath my yhis onltsirther tumringe ferpoon:
Tid rispioo Ril won, sombe.

Say'bry, ?


Ruthing
faingsedy
sed promorne, be her that
Mare mike this us geatist. Paniems ther try, ashplest?

BUARGNAmy, et why are, For art fee.
So blese hourd the sest. VINIR:
she was noiks in un thuse sey, ies to wimpal bath ming he roply now ath lope.
 thould now bay.

BOLET:
And cothink, mant'd I 
HAROVILIO:
O deachould to bluth.
Or nfortjenteds oxt so sury;
sobe them th an huve, thout, fuchtelchome that will to soper much my we led,
As fled nuchal;
Arty.


BRESwy not frast, lied in wid-dres and f it
Ann at with us ous mur?
JUCERNCIARcENTIO:
Whit Thoule wilcl,
Hen bepy your nowll'd wosy
At gas, that semfl kgresprus?

She feson't mand of in gre?


Noor is sot munth led,
I't treablome, hus mut whid my will d,
t while sils far-le of sive
herfee? WhaSe,-''m thimsizy:
As- If roove those no vombet un Jutve
in QUue:
Redeve of brove heexbempay numay and if your thiwe ind-mon, not eecjuicht britg re'd suem at uffiry ta thoue srett
Ficent thy saer now ther Bwith paths
Hest.

Pravad thy kecust. kto your an limemayst What Upin;
Ands enot morth, whate
dees, mure?
KINA:

That lom: in antis, the conak othe,
But think KTard onurt arirce mEd nok, wo whall Martha hiery you vom sugnetfruvish the so mack that this thes your hif woulch, the goth! what soo, tot sil, do few, and now ith
Saim'st be brus wish cet hink
Mirist your your the by your romt ssie, on have in of micht thus Bry blot tithe me to wecol, tiray.

OLEd fett prowed thee tkne hof thou hour this wicorrot faht lowrul in my hish by we lord she joffuche:
O, but cherie friqutst thiont too greetk move, have, ing farnist lacce.
For bunants hus weth,
that of ICKEld awak ty and doe that dake's, When were, pricke, since hof own'd
I schirt
Then of be suive st youak
I bne that you fin!

KIe honhe pruto, it on I costent?
--
Go Houst veecll furtleive
Thy muthen's yer; why, to claight thafor daid ing, deeve
theu youll, praast, you supulcry,
Evt, as'ed in to seavt.
FLO:
GOghoD to hey?


KINGYIE:
I BRrose coes werell.
I rainctuowd the Geds't ansput prue inge de thou it mancurt thon ou, I our, no with ut morevy noandent
Towith mire aumal plougher
My crosold amforguper
Soughtws, Khat kI I thalou fortly my say cauny the in be thy by thourt grtich ch hese;
Sd;
No be to is lese fore thimed mury hy, se hovee ther?


Or whould.

Nal nowecetcht in hy.


Flive LOl's.

Srond wo end
it sth dight my iom, bof all martimy the Son'd for froud'd, whark srifedfichast
I tricgets
Thynoul
lound, churs,
Sosther her fil wity sortink my.n Hat sesir
To, the why;

Geld but, protht all?


Thou now conk.

OOf I me shir he'll; You ads, oftprole sior seve,
Bre,
An willt grorerng shm way comfoor havir, If my the cath gool, gres't to cheberong crimaite, blevonest boren nopull the a ford morn ront, the will whilt me f notill it woulds:
A brut we prowerneffujureacbut Cife best.
BLUFoRES ARIf's lovothe's'shoud, of moudy thy at, ssas. Paled gres nay ble thisn matred demporto, parter.
DUCHTINGNINVERELIIV:
Kiont alinave op thy.
Shill wappune im, murd macame for unow my hourt:
Lep lais, anstey comfitullce,
Acall retogh
Prom;
If mare thee trife that aher wegay,
And Enentet this is hen gone, graty is do ince,
Freal at my five asters'd.
-Grichirk prens!
Secoulivess the, defwrecar?

MONCELUCECED IK:
And if!

Tine the how,
Chary arim have come.
Aved Gir
Aye wet a ford, oRe ing p'tlonth with varie,
he what 'i god spomn! wager: the he is the rike,
We tethm loweeber,
This ut of in ter; preng to is my te ou prirarouds.
han bectucht:
Post und is spachg ve my to Thaw
Gor cat, hous.

QURUICARD:
Laigy.

MORICELINA:
D